@section Command-line options
  In this section the command-line options will be explained in greater detail.
  By running @code{inklingreader} with the @option{--help} option, you can see a list
  of command-line options you can pass to the program.@*
  @*
  This section assumes you have basic knowledge of how to run a command and how
  command-line arguments can be used in combination with each other.

@subsection Setting style properties
  There are several command-line options to change the way a document looks.
  One of the unique features of InklingReader is the ability to assign multiple
  colors automatically to your document.@*
  @*
  To make use of this feature you must create a document that makes use of 
  coloring. @xref{automatic_colors,,Automatic colors} on how to create      
  multi-color document.@*
  @*
  Passing multiple colors on the command-line can be done this way:
  @example
inklingreader --colors=#999,black,#00007c,#007c00,#7c0000
  @end example
  @noindent In this example the program will recognize five colors. The first (and 
  default) color is @code{#999}. The second is @code{black}.@*
  @*
  Let's also add a background color:
  @example
inklingreader --background=#ccc --colors=#999,black,#00007c,#007c00,#7c0000
  @end example

  @noindent  The document will now have a grey background color instead of the 
  default white.@*
  @*
  @b{Tip:} Setting a transparent color is possible and can be done this way: 
  @code{--background=none} or @code{--colors=black,none,red}.@*
  @*
  At some point you may want to adjust the thickness of the lines when you've drawn 
  them. You can do this by changing the pressure factor. This is a variable that
  controls how much influence the pressure data from the Inkling pen has. The 
  default pressure factor is @math{1.0}. Here's an example of how you can change
  the default pressure factor:
  @example
inklingreader --pressure-factor=1.5
  @end example

  @noindent This will increase the influence of the pressure data. Find your ideal
  pressure factor by trying various values.@*
  @*
  One last note about style properties: Provide these options before any other 
  option. The program handles the arguments sequentially. This means 
  that when @option{--background} comes after @option{--to}, the 
  @option{--background} option will be applied after exporting a document. So
  effectively it won't have any effect on the exported file.

@subsection Converting files and directories
  InklingReader can convert a WPI file to SVG, PDF and PNG. This can be done by
  passing the following arguments:
  @example
inklingreader --file=/path/to/my/sketch.WPI --to=/path/to/my/sketch.svg
  @end example

  @noindent To which format InklingReader will convert the WPI file is 
  determined by the file extension given at the @option{--to} option.

@subsection Merging WPI files
@anchor{merging}
  The program allows you to merge multiple WPI files into one. This can be
  done with the following command:
  @example
inklingreader --merge=SKETCH_A.WPI --to=SKETCH_B.WPI
  @end example

  @noindent This will overwrite @file{SKETCH_B.WPI}. Making a back-up of the 
  sketch could be useful.
