@c -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
@c CHAPTER: Using the program
@c -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
@chapter Using the program
  InklingReader can be used in three ways:
  @itemize
    @item Starting its graphical user interface (this is the default);
    @item Invoking with command-line arguments;
    @item Using the Inkscape extension.
  @end itemize

@section InklingReader-only features

@subsection Automatic colors
@anchor{automatic_colors}
  InklingReader has a unique coloring feature that allows you to assign 
  multiple colors in a single document while you're drawing. To make use of
  this feature you should follow these steps:
  @enumerate
    @item Start drawing with your Inkling pen and device.
    @item Press the ``new layer'' button @b{twice}.
    @item Continue drawing.
    @item Press the ``new layer'' button @b{three times}.
    @item Continue drawing.
  @end enumerate
  @*
  Your document will now have three colors. To view these colors the program
  must be configured with multiple colors. This can be done in multiple ways 
  and is described in each specific section.

@subsection Inkscape extension
@anchor{inkscape_extension}
  In the directory @file{res/inkscape-extension/} directory you can find the 
  Inkscape extension. It will allow you to open a WPI file ``directly'' with
  Inkscape. It will use InklingReader to do the conversion, so make sure you
  have installed InklingReader, otherwise the Inkscape extension won't work.
  @*
  Installing the Inkscape extension is as easy as copying the files from the
  @file{res/inkscape-extension/} directory to the Inkscape extension 
  directory. On most GNU/Linux systems, that is: 
  @file{$HOME/.config/inkscape/extensions/}.
